DOCS-1606: Adds Klarna fee info on Klarna page (#991)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/billing-suite/klarna/how-does-klarna-work.md

Changing the status to _Shipped_ allows Klarna to initiate the billing process towards the customer. Klarna will guarantee the payout of the transaction.

The _Shipped_ status is therefore important for invoicing the customer and the payout of the transaction on your MultiSafepay balance.

## Fees

Unlike other payment methods, the fee is not charged directly after an order is placed. In the transaction details you will always find the merchant fee to be 0,00.

> MultiSafepay will charge your account when the actual payment is settled. There will be one or more transactions created in your transaction overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiSafepay charges your account when the payment is settled. There will be one or more transactions created in your transaction overview.
```

> MultiSafepay will charge your account when the actual payment is settled. There will be one or more transactions created in your transaction overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiSafepay charges your account when the payment is settled. There will be one or more transactions created in your transaction overview.
```
